Each Student must do 2 presentations, 10-15 minutes in length, 
with an intro-body-conclusion format (Tell them what you are going to tell them, tell them, then tell them what you told them)
You can only choose at most one topic from a category (e.g. you can't do Kanban AND Crystal).
Put your Name (first and last) next to the topic you choose. 
No more than 2 students can choose the same topic. 
You can not remove someone's name from a topic. If you want it and it already has 2 students associated with it, then
you can team up with someone and co-present: if you do team up, the presentation must be 15-20 minutes in length and each person must do ~50% of the presentation


Lifecycle Models and Process
1.	Kanban (Software Development)	- Tanner Collins, COry Windham	
2.	Crystal (Software Development)	- Calen Cummings, Christian Calhoun	
3.	Team Software Process and Personal Software Process - Micah Crawford
4.a.	Build Automation - Drew Dorris, Joshua Thomas
4.b. 	CI/CD Pipeline - Robert LoCicero

Project Management and Professional Practice
5.	Risk Management		        -Josh Pitts , Shaun Bennett
6.	Software Complexity Metrics	- Ty Seiber		
7.	Formal Methods			- Dylan Shaffer	
8.	Cleanroom Software Engineering	- Dylan Shaffer
9.	Microsoft Project -Dawson Busby    ,  Micah Crawford
10.	Software Engineering Licensing - Isaiah Jayne		

Software Architectures and Tools
11.	Service-Oriented Architecture - Ty Seiber		
12.	Infrastructure as a Service	- Dante Hays	, Michael Burleson	
13.	Platform as a Service	- Calen Cummings			
14.	Docker  - Philip Gaver, Cory Windham
15.	Ansible - Isaiah Jayne, Jackson Coffey
16.	Jenkins	- Drew Dorris
17.	Splunk (for DevOps) - Tanner Collins	
18.	Selenium - Jeremy Bishop
19.	AppDynamics		

Development Paradigms and Testing
20.	Test-Driven Development - Jeremy Bishop, Christian Calhoun, Kyle Darnell
21.	Behavior Driven Development - Joshua Thomas
22.	Feature Driven Development - Josh Pitts
23.	Dependency Injection - Robert LoCicero

AI in SE
24. AI for code completion - Dawson Busby
25. AI for code creation (where the AI writes all the code) - Zach Hower, Raj Patel
26. AI for code analysis - Dante Hays , Shaun Bennett
